# Reflection 1
## 1.  Compare the application logs before and after you exposed it as a Service. Try to open the app several times while the proxy into the Service is running. What do you see in the logs? Does the number of logs increase each time you open the app?
- Before the app is exposed as a service, the application log only displays two messages. The first message shows that the HTTP server has started and is listening on port 8080. The second message shows that the UDP server has started and is listening on port 8081. After exposing the app as a service, we can interact and communicate with the server outside of Kubernetes cluster. When we open the site multiple times while the proxy is running, the log will expand. This is because the server constantly logs every HTTP request and the timestamp. Every time the app is opened, HTTP requests are sent to the server causing the log to record another message.

## 2. Notice that there are two versions of `kubectl get` invocation during this tutorial section. The first does not have any option, while the latter has `-n` option with value set to `kube-system`. What is the purpose of the `-n` option and why did the output not list the pods/services that you explicitly created?
- During this part of the tutorial, there are two versions of the kubectl get command. The first is used without any options, while the second uses the -n option with the value set to kube-system. The -n flag means namespace, so the command `kubectl get pods,services -n kube-system` retrieves all pods and services in the kube-system namespace. The previously created services and pods are in a different namespace (default), which is why the services/pods you created earlier do not appear in the output.